Okay, now we're going to talk about AI prompting and how to expedite
development by utilizing
AI.
In my opinion, and I've spoke to Blake Anderson about this, the reason apps
have blown up
recently and the reason we've all got very rich and successful of it is because
AI has
lowered the barriers to entry significantly.
It saves a lot of time.
It's super smart and you can build and test and validate things at lightning
speed.
There is a bunch of charity of deprops that you can use.
We'll be using this first one to begin this tutorial and then there's a bunch
of other
ones that are very simple, like make a pull to refresh list and SwiftUI or
create a SwiftUI
button with a Spring Bounce animation when tapped.
These are all like really simple prompts but they work and instead of like
needing to learn
to learn to code, like knowing all the ins and outs, this and that, you can
just ask
JPT to build it for you and as long as you have a fundamental understanding of
how Swift
and how code works, you can build anything.
We use that a lot in Quitter.
I use a lot to expedite my work with the community.
Most of the community functions build by AI.
I understand how they work now but I didn't initially and JPT just did it for
me and now
we have a working community that has a thousand posts a day.
It really does work and usually the more detailed the better.
As you can see this prompt that we're going to use for the beginning of the
tutorial,
I want to build a UMAX Clonus with UI.
Very explicit.
Then UMAX is an app where you can take a picture of your face and it will rate
your looks out
of 10.
This should be out of 100.
Yeah, that should be right.
This image should be passed to the open AI API via Mac Qualls repository and
the results
should display on the front end.
If you've coded before, you can't understand what I mean by results, front end,
whatever.
I'm repository.
Very simple.
I will explain later.
The scores that should give you are overall rating, potential, masculinity,
skin quality
and jawline and cheap work, sorry.
This is exactly what UMAX has.
I'll just plop there right now.
As you can see, there is an overall, there's a potential, masculinity, skin
quality, jawline,
cheekbones and it's just his face and that image is rated by chatgbt.
Very, very simple stuff.
So yeah, that's the problem I'm going to give chatgbt in the next section of
the tutorial.
But usually just the general role is like the more explicit the better.
You should always share information about your tech stack.
So let's, for example, say I'm using Firebase or I'm using open AI instead of
Claude or
Gemini.
And also if it doesn't, if like if you copy paste the code into your IDE and it
isn't
what you kind of expected or is not kind of functioning how you want it to
function,
just say change this.
It's doing one thing, but I want it to do another thing instead.
And chatgbt will be very fast to fix it and you can like move a lightning speed
.
And I'm going to show you how fast we can build a UMAX competitor right now.
So let's get into it.